[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi.
I'm Bob Bailey, a Learning
Specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see
how to do some basic styling
to a Brightcove player.
To style a player, up
the Players module,
and then click on the player
name you want to style.
All of the player
properties will appear
in the left navigation menu.
I'm going to click on Styling.
As you make changes
to the player,
they will be reflected
in the preview player
here on the right.
I can choose to hide or show
the title and description,
and configure the Play
button shape and position.
You can also change
the player colors.
The Play button color controls
the color of the big Play
button, and the color of
the progress bar that is
displayed as the video plays.
I'm going to set this to blue.
Notice the preview
player has updated
to reflect the color change.
Once I'm happy with
the player styling,
I'll publish the
changes to the player.
It's important to keep in mind
that whenever you make changes
to a player, the changes
must be published
before they will appear out
in your published players.
To do that, I'll click
Publish and Embed, and then
Publish Changes.
After a brief delay, the
changes will appear out
in Published Players.